distributor: reintroduce cortex_distributor_samples_per_request as a native histogram (#11573)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Frontend: The subquery spin-off feature is now enabled with `-query-frontend.subquery-spin-off-enabled=true` instead of `-query-frontend.instant-queries-with-subquery-spin-off=.*` #11153
* [CHANGE] Overrides-exporter: Don't export per-tenant overrides that are set to their default values. #11173
* [CHANGE] gRPC/HTTP clients: Rename metric `cortex_client_request_invalid_cluster_validation_labels_total` to `cortex_client_invalid_cluster_validation_label_requests_total`. #11237

> * [CHANGE] Distributor: Add per-user `cortex_distributor_sample_delay_seconds` to track delay of ingested samples wrt to wallclock. #11573

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Distributor: Add per-user `cortex_distributor_sample_delay_seconds` to track delay of ingested samples with regard to to wall clock. #11573
```
